"Captain America is a 1990 American-Yugoslavian direct-to-video superhero film directed by Albert Pyun and written by Stephen Tolkin and Lawrence Block."
"Paycheck is a 2003 sci-fi thriller film based on the short story of the same name by science fiction writer Philip K. Dick."
"The Revenant is a 2009 dark comedy/horror film written and directed by Kerry Prior and starring David Anders and Chris Wylde."
"How to Train Your Dragon 2 is a 2014 American 3D computer-animated fantasy action film produced by DreamWorks Animation and distributed by 20th Century Fox, loosely based on the British book series of the same name by Cressida Cowell."
"The Dissolve was a film review, news, and commentary website which was operated by Pitchfork Media and based in Chicago, Illinois."
"Drag Me to Hell is a 2009 American supernatural horror comedy film co-written and directed by Sam Raimi."
"Nightmares is a 1983 American horror anthology film directed by Joseph Sargent, and starring Emilio Estevez, Lance Henriksen, Cristina Raines, Veronica Cartwright and Richard Masur."
"The Die Hard series is an American action movie franchise that began in 1988 with Die Hard, based on the 1979 novel Nothing Lasts Forever by Roderick Thorp."
"Tomorrow Never Dies (1997) is the eighteenth spy film in the James Bond series, and the second to star Pierce Brosnan as the fictional MI6 agent James Bond."
"The Dark Knight Rises is a 2012 British-American superhero film directed by Christopher Nolan, who co-wrote the screenplay with his brother Jonathan Nolan, and the story with David S. Goyer."
"Harry Potter is a British-American film series based on the Harry Potter novels by author J. K. Rowling."
"Prometheus (/pr\u0259\u02c8mi\u02d0\u03b8\u026a\u0259s/ pro-MEE-thee-uhs) is a 2012 American science fiction film directed by Ridley Scott, written by Jon Spaihts and Damon Lindelof, and starring Noomi Rapace, Michael Fassbender, Guy Pearce, Idris Elba, Logan Marshall-Green, and Charlize Theron."
"Ted (stylized as ted) is a 2012 American comedy film directed by Seth MacFarlane in his feature film directorial debut."
"American Pie is a 1999 sex comedy film written by Adam Herz and directed by brothers Paul and Chris Weitz, in their directorial film debut."
"Rocky is a 1976 American sports drama film directed by John G. Avildsen and both written by and starring Sylvester Stallone."
"The Terminator is a 1984 American science fiction action film directed by James Cameron, written by Cameron and the film's producer Gale Anne Hurd, and starring Arnold Schwarzenegger, Michael Biehn and Linda Hamilton."
"The Proposal is a 2009 American romantic comedy film set in Sitka, Alaska."
"The Last Airbender is a 2010 American action fantasy adventure film written, produced, and directed by M. Night Shyamalan."
"Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge (English: The Big-Hearted Will Take Away the Bride), also known by the initialism DDLJ, is an Indian romance film written and directed by Aditya Chopra and produced by Yash Chopra."
"Jayant Kripalani is an Indian film, television and stage actor, director and trainer."
